when you're going up for what
could be
a running partner series you
have a whole
group a team ober
people the interviewing you
network people
advertising people stuart is not
a one-off character right
remarrying you for the exactly
right its survey year
marriages a tribunal I
and I was prepared for that when
I walked into Gene Roddenberry's
office first volume it
mispronounce my name
a surname he call me to Chi but
I corrected that
I said my name is pronounced 2k
but I don't object the Chi
because that's a Japanese word
that means
expensive and is that all my
good I can remember that lead
brick a
and I told him but the gay
doesn't mean cheap either you
50 Robert creator of Star Trek
create a wrist a Star Trek
a producer rider visionary
a or a creative guy creative guy
and
with a vision of what the we
could be
I think they sent his ashes to
the moon shot although not to
the moon no
a to or the orbit of Houston
made it into space
he's still out there the storm
are Jimmy doing had his ashes
sent out there too
okay but I guess you wasn't
quite in orbit because
he fell back down to New Mexico
I
the gene roddenberry really
deserters and
and should be up there and
because the
Star Trek was more than just
in he felt the television here
you know certainly needs to be
entertained
but it also needs to inform
and inspire did you know this
at the time at the time are you
just doing television
are you saying to yourself this
is some good going down here
this is wall because the show
they get cancelled right right
but I knew
that it wasn't Kardash years
have been not went longer than
there
and the original Star Trek yeah
but we on Star Trek we had the
Cardassian
some I got a critter
we talked about books we had
read movies that we liked
a current events issues you know
we had that wonderful engage in
conversation he described the
show
and it was really that vision
that he had
Starship Enterprise a metaphor
for starship
her and the strange the starship
Lee
in its diversity coming together
and working in nobody was
thinking that
back then nobody was sick I mean
in a bit minorities
weren't the in anything no No